# Spotify to YouTube Music

This project aims to 
- Convert Spotify playlists to YouTube Music playlists. 
- Like all songs on YouTube Music that are liked on Spotify
- Like all albums on YouTube Music that are liked on Spotify
- Like all artists on YouTube Music that are liked on Spotify

It consists of two main Python scripts: `spotify.py` and `ytmusic.py`.

## spotify.py

The `spotify.py` script is responsible for fetching the user's Spotify playlists and tracks using the Spotify API. It requires the user to provide their Spotify API client details. The Spotify API client details can be generated by following [this](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/concepts/apps). The script uses the [`spotipy`](https://spotipy.readthedocs.io/en/2.22.1/#api-reference) library to interact with the Spotify API.

## ytmusic.py

The `ytmusic.py` script is responsible for creating YouTube Music playlists, liking songs, artists and albums. It uses the YouTube Music API and requires the user to follow [this](https://ytmusicapi.readthedocs.io/en/stable/setup/index.html) to get and use the access token. The script uses the `ytmusicapi` library to interact with the YouTube Music API.


## Getting Started

To use this project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/your-username/spotify-to-ytmusic.git`
2. Install spotipy  
`pip install spotipy`
3. Install YTMusic Api and get token  
```
pip install ytmusicapi
ytmusicapi oauth (you might have to go to where the exe is if running on windows, or add the path to Environment variable)
```
4. Register client on Spotify by following [this](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/concepts/apps)
5. Update the client variables in `spotify.py`
6. Run `spotify.py` to fetch your Spotify playlists and tracks. It will ask you to login multiple times because of different scopes used for different APIs. The script will ask you y/n for each playlist. My use case was to copy only a few playlists, so I wrote it that way.
7. Run `ytmusic.py` to create YouTube Music playlists and add the tracks from Spotify. This might take some time. I did hit into "you are creating too many playlists" error due to their rate limit. I had to wait some hours and retrigger to complete.

## Disclaimer
This is not a thoroughly tested code. I hacked it together in a hurry to get my YTMusic in a usable state. The written code is very basic with lots of code duplication and inefficiences. I made this for my one time use but I thought of putting this out there, so that someone with a smiliar use case can build upon this. If anyone wants to refactor it or make it better, you are welcome.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you have any suggestions, bug reports, or feature requests, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).